All right, friend Shen Song.
It's no surprise that you asked me about stocks a while ago.
So you've got this idea.
Shen Tung Lac is your brother.
Why are you doing this?
Shen Tung, how do you explain it?
Brother, you believe me, not me.
Witch sows division, you play this skill set really perfectly.
But you can't fool me.
I'm just asking for a way of life.
Believe it or not.
As long as you let me go.
I gave up immediately.
This list will never appear in front of you.
If we meet for the first time
I can believe it but
I don't believe you right now.
I've called the sheriff's department.
The other side immediately sent someone here.
I don't have to do it myself.
I'll give you to them.
Everything will be clear.
As for who wants to kill me.
No one can escape.
Give it to the security team.
All the truth playing cards
Zhang Liang came out for me.
Let me be clear this time.
What's going on?